I tested some pretty strange phone cases
but this might just be the strangest
case ever because this thing has a baked
in color e in display on the back but
why so there's an app that you install
on your phone and you use that to choose
any picture that you want to be sent to
the back image transfer progress look at
that it looks like it's having a seizure
but this is just the display getting the
colored ink particles in the right
position so on a very basic level this
means you now have two different
wallpapers you can customize you can
take your own photos don't know why
anyone would ever want to do this and
I'm just thinking one level up from that
is you could take your shopping list and
import it so you can always see it on
the back while you're shopping you could
also use QR codes for ticketing and
payments or other things but I think the
most interesting part of this whole
thing is the thing has no battery
there's no Bluetooth there's no
connection process it works completely
off a built-in NFC chip that allows it
to communicate with your phone